welcome to review recapped
today we will be showing you a chinese
sci-fi thriller movie named
the wandering earth
spoilers ahead
sit back and enjoy
the movie opens with a time showing
early 22nd century
the sun goes through a rapidly
deteriorating phrase
in 100 years it will destroy the earth
in order to survive human society goes
through a drastic change all the
countries are merged to form the united
earth government
they build ten 000 gigantic heavy
material fusion propulsion engines to
slowly push the earth out of the
original orbit it takes 20 years to
reach the jupiter which its massive
gravity should serve as the sling for
the frozen earth to accelerate through
yet things go very wrong in that
faithful day when earth is passing the
jupiter the protagonist lou
is a young machinist of heavy trucks he
smuggles some special instant inflatable
bubble capsules to the local thugs in
exchange of special suits to go outside
of the underground bunker
he brings his little sister along for
her favor of stealing his grandpa's
truck key after slipping through the
thugs chasing they get into an elevator
to the surface
outside they are odd to see the huge
structure called earth engine which is
only one of the ten thousand
they find the special truck their
grandpa drives and use the stolen key
card to drive it just when the joyride
is almost over they are caught and
thrown into jail their grandpa comes and
tries to bribe the jail warden only gets
thrown into the same cell as lou
meanwhile on a space station called the
navigator their father lupe is getting
ready to return to earth it is shown
that this is his last shift and it's
exactly the same day the earth is
supposed to glide past the jupiter and
accelerate to achieve the necessary
speed of flying out of the solar system
suddenly jupiter's gravity becomes
irregular and the earth has a huge
tremor
many earth engine go offline and the
underground cities are crushed or
drowned by lava
lou his sister and the grandpa escaped
the prison with a cellmate called tim
grandpa drive his heavy truck and
narrowly escapes death
in the space station the main computer
ai called moss warns everyone that the
space station will go into low energy
mode and they should go back to their
sleeping bay
lupe the father calls the grandpa and is
surprised to learn that they are in a
truck together he directs the truck to
the nearest bunker after that he goes to
his quarter and prepare to hibernate the
truck is intercepted by a team of elite
chinese soldiers they need the truck to
tow a precious cargo called lighter core
which can be used to ignite earth
engines the grandpa is not happy but has
to obey their order the father calls
again and requests the captain of the
team to let them go into a bunker for
that the captain promises they will let
everyone go except the grandpa for his
job of driving after some time the
grandpa drives them to shanghai where
the huge trevor has torn open a long gap
showing the old city covered by ice as
the truck goes into the gap the grandpa
tell stories about his memories in the
city a scene shows thousands of people
frozen solid in the ice revealing the
sister's origin
she is among the few survivors of that
disaster a second tremor hit in cliffs
on both sides of the gap start
collapsing everyone has to abandon their
vehicles to go into the tallest building
of shanghai in the effort of escaping
the team loses a soldier and the grandpa
dies when the tall building collapses
lou blames his death on the captain and
refuses to continue
the elite team carries the lighter core
themselves in march toward the earth
engine in hongzhou while lou his sister
and tim go their way back toward their
home
in the space station just after the
hibernation program starts lupe the
father learns from moss that the
grandpa's truck is missing the ground
has a new round of chaos and the ai is
preparing to leave earth behind
he struggles to break the circuits
inside the bay and gets out from it moss
the ai wakes up other members in his
team trying to rectify the situation but
the russian teammate markharf decides to
help him instead they open a hatch
closest to the control center and flies
out into the vacuum
to reach the control center mark harf
sacrifices himself and pushes lou toward
a moving arm
lou gets hold of the exterior of the
control center and gets in by overriding
a hatch's control on the earth lou the
sun and his companions finds a crashed
plane with a truck intact
inside that truck they meet the sole
survivor a crazy genius lee who told
them that the jupiter's gravity is
sucking earth's atmosphere to such a
degree that the air is too thin to even
fly the plane that's the crash
he asked them to rescue a torque engine
bigger earth engine and so easy in the
equator the truck is their last chance
to turn back and go home yet lou decides
to rescue the earth engine in hongzhou
first
in the space station lupe the father
gets into the computer room and tries to
override moss yet the ai informs him
that it is merely carrying out orders
authorized by the united earth
government the ship navigator contains
all the necessary dna and materials to
start the civilization in a distant
planet
so even if the earth fell into jupiter
the human race will continue
outside of hongzhou the elite team finds
out that the whole city is lost to the
lava the earth engine there is damaged
beyond repairing a teammate died from
the bitter cold they have a fight about
whether to continue the mission
a female soldier shoots at the lighter
core and breaks it the captain almost
kills her for it just when they are all
desperate the truck driven by lou shows
up and they now have a new mission
escort the other lighter core inside the
truck to solo easy when they finally
almost reach solo easy some other teams
has successfully repaired the engines
before them
however the reading shows that the earth
is still heading toward jupiter all the
engines force combined cannot make earth
escape the gravity well of jupiter
in the space station after moss explains
to lieu that all the rescue missions are
actually useless it opens a channel to
the earth and broadcast to everyone that
they have only seven days until the
earth gets torn apart
listening the bad news the geniusly
cries that they actually have only one
day to live while the air of the earth
being sucked by jupiter at that rate
watching the tremendous jupiter looming
over his head lou suddenly has an idea
earth's oxygen mixed with jupiter's
hydrogen can be ignited and generate a
big boom
lee agrees with him so he develops a new
plan to rescue the earth lou and tim
drive the truck to deliver the lighter
core elite soldiers push a giant igniter
pin lee and another tech will go to the
control room and lou's sister and the
female soldier will go to the
communication room
the plan suffers major setbacks the core
is delivered but machine is stuck
soldiers have too little manpower to
push the pin lee's program is uploaded
but freeze at 99 percent blue sisters
call for help get no response she
suddenly realizes that she can make an
emergency call to the space station and
ask for lupe's help
lou received the call but moss tells him
that someone else already had this idea
and the successful chance is zero but he
still calls the eugene police for
authorization you wake only agrees to
broadcast the sisters message to all
remaining rescuers lou's sister cries
and beg for the hope to save earth
many rescuers return and help the
soldiers pushing the giant pin
lou finally get the machine unstuck then
they drive the truck running away from
the engine
everything is ready except the launch
program
the tech is badly hurt by falling rocks
but he manages to put the right cable in
the socket the program finally get
uploaded one hundred percent the genius
lee starts the program right after lou's
truck barely makes it outside the torque
engine shoot a straight red light toward
the giant eye of the jupiter but the
power cannot reach the ignition area it
is short by five thousand kilometers
the father lupe remembers that the
navigator has thirty thousand tons of
fuel which should generate a five
thousand kilometers of flame if ignited
the ai moss tries to stop him but fails
lou burns the computer and manually
drives the space station toward the red
light before the space station is
destroyed by the red light the tulu have
a final conversation the father repeats
that when you look at the jupiter you
will see me
the sun looks up at the huge red eye
above and see his father's ship turns
into a fireball
jupiter's atmosphere is burning
a gigantic impact wave is coming people
scramble to get into the underground
bunker
lou find his sister with tim
but the elevator is broken
the geniusly advises them to hide under
the torque engine which they comply but
before they can reach the engine the
impact wave arrives and destroys the
truck they are riding throwing them out
tim holds on a pipe but lou sees his
sister dropping down so he falls toward
her in the air he catches her and
deploys an instant bubble capsule which
saves both of their lives
loose helmet is broken by the fall
the cold air is killing him the last
glimpse he catches tells him that the
earth survives the ordeal then he closes
his eyes
in the end we see that time jumps to
three years later
earth goes on
lou becomes a junior driver
everyone respects him and smiles at him
thanks for watching
help us to grow by subscribing and
turning on the notifications